Dokumentáció/Functional specification.md, before:

# Functional specification

## 1. Current situation

## 2. Objectives

The buyer currently uses Google calendar system to organise the meetings, and to send out invitations to these. This poses some issue, mainly that not everyone uses the Google ecosystem, and they sometimes experience bugs and problems with these invites. Also, they have no authentic way to see who accepted the invitation, or if they've seen the invitation at all. Besides of these, the meeting organizer has to find all the participant's email addresses, and type them in one by one. This takes a long time to do every day.

## 3. Current business processes

## 4. Requested business processes

## 5. Request list

| Id | Module | Name | Description |
| :---: | --- | --- | --- |


## 6. Use Cases

The administrator can use all functions in the application, to check trouble-proof operation of the system. They have access to the user list, to moderate and manage them.

## 7. Complience

## 8. Screen plan

![képnév](gitlink ahol a kép van)

## 9. Scenarios

## 10. Functionality

| Id | Requirement | Functionality |
| :---: | --- | --- |
| K99 | ... | ... |

## 11 Glossary

Commit message:

Updatet func spec - Added Request List

Dokumentáció/Functional specification.md, after:

# Functional specification

## 1. Current situation

## 2. Objectives

The buyer currently uses Google calendar system to organise the meetings, and to send out invitations to these. This poses some issue, mainly that not everyone uses the Google ecosystem, and they sometimes experience bugs and problems with these invites. Also, they have no authentic way to see who accepted the invitation, or if they've seen the invitation at all. Besides of these, the meeting organizer has to find all the participant's email addresses, and type them in one by one. This takes a long time to do every day.

## 3. Current business processes

## 4. Requested business processes

## 5. Request list

| Id | Module | Name | Description |
| :---: | --- | --- | --- |
| K1 | Access | Login screen | Login form page |
| K2 | Access | Registration | Registration form page |
| K3 | Access | Access Levels | - Normal user<br> - Srum master<br> - Administrator |
| K4 | Modification | User modify | Change username |
| K5 | Modification | Password modify | Change password |
| K6 | Modification | Email modify | Change email |
| K7 | Modification | Forgot your username or password | In case of forgetting your username or password, you can fill in a form. After filling it in, an automated email will be sent. |
| K8 | Interface | Calendar | Adding events. |
| K9 | Interface | Online meeting | The "Team"/"Group" holds meetings. |
| K10 | Interface | Task list | List for tasks. |
| K11 | Interface | Progression | Page for tracking progression. |
| K12 | Interface | Login | Users can log in here to the application. |
| K13 | Interface | Messages | Page for incoming messages. |

## 6. Use Cases

The administrator can use all functions in the application, to check trouble-proof operation of the system. They have access to the user list, to moderate and manage them.

## 7. Complience

## 8. Screen plan

![képnév](gitlink ahol a kép van)

## 9. Scenarios

## 10. Functionality

| Id | Requirement | Functionality |
| :---: | --- | --- |
| K99 | ... | ... |

## 11 Glossary
